Encapsulation Challenge
Create a class and demonstrate proper encapsulation techniques. The class will be called Printer and it will simulate a real Computer Printer. It should have fields for the toner Level, number of pages printed, and also whether it’s a duplex printer (capable of printing on both sides of the paper).Add methods to fill up the toner (up to a maximum of 100%), another method to simulate printing a page (which should increase the number of pages printed).Decide on the scope, whether to use constructors, and anything else you think is needed.


Inheritance Challenge
Start with a base class of a Vehicle, then create a Car class that inherits from thisbase class. Finally, create another class, a specific type of Car (Say Honda City) that inherits from the Car class. You should be able to hand steering, changing gears, and moving (speed in other words).You will want to decide where to put the appropriate state and behaviours (fields and methods).As mentioned above, changing gears, increasing/decreasing speed should be included.For specific type of vehicle you will want to add something specific for that type of car.


Polymorphism Challenge
Create a base class called Car. It should have a few fields that would be appropriate for a generic car class. For example, engine, cylinders, wheels, etc.Constructor should initialize cylinders (number of) and name, and set wheels to 4and engine to true. Cylinders and names would be passed parameters.Create appropriate getters.Create some methods like startEngine, accelerate, and brake show a message for each in the base class.Now create 3 sub classes for your favourite vehicles.Override the appropriate methods to demonstrate polymorphism in use.


Oops Final Challenge
The purpose of the application is to help a fictitious company called Bills Burgers to manage their process of selling hamburgers.Our application will help Bill to select types of burgers, some of the additional items (additions) to be added to the burgers and pricing. We want to create a base hamburger, but also two other types of hamburgers that are popular ones in Bills store.
The basic hamburger should have the following items. Bread roll type, meat and up to 4 additional additions (things like lettuce, tomato, carrot, etc) that the customer can select to be added to the burger.Each one of these items gets charged an additional price so you need some way to track how many items got added and to calculate the final price (base burger with all the additions). This burger has a base price and the additions are all separately priced (up to 4 additions, see above).Create a Hamburger class to deal with all the above. The constructor should only include the roll type, meat and price, can also include name of burger or you can use a setter.Also create two extra varieties of Hamburgers (subclasses) to cater for     
a) Healthy burger (on a brown rye bread roll), plus two addition items that can be added. The healthy burger can have 6 items (Additions) in total.Hint:  you probably want to process the two additional items in this new class (subclass of Hamburger), not the base class (Hamburger), since the two additions are only appropriate for this new class (in other words new burger type).             
b) Deluxe hamburger - comes with chips and drinks as additions, but no extra additions are allowed.Hint:  You have to find a way to automatically add these new additions at the time the deluxe burger object is created, and then prevent other additions being made.All 3 classes should have a method that can be called anytime to show the base price of the hamburger plus all additionals, each showing the addition name, andaddition price, and a grand/final total for the burger (base price + all additions)For the two additional classes this may require you to be looking at the base class for pricing and then adding totals to final price.